we go with the prefabricated we can for
make gas horns or the engine to
elements with things suddenly very
accessible for example the tubes of
toilet paper can make a horn
is this way only by cutting it
ah
his short
I'm going to use it
enough to keep it fixed
so that it does not go loose
if this can not be a picture of me
natural mail just do in addition
incisions
way to slices a day more or less
drone photo by silly gate
he retired
and kurt we see
and this will make my notebook
be curved if I wanted it to be more
like goat angel that turns then a
cut a cut amount let's say the
kind to have four sides or if you have
valued simulating you have four
sides we make a cut in each one the
sides in one direction 1 2 3 4 and
we repeat according to the distance the
frequency and the amount that you
eliminate will allow you to agree the most or
less and also depends on the length
It is much bigger the projects of
more more forced things more organic already
is 12 prefabricated also with the
cardboard that has that is a gray of 60
according to veronica version
we can cut the wings that somehow
way are prefabricated structures that
allow us to work and design the
first and the court the second
simply so that something like
here
the short and ready with this same cardboard
I can do prefabricated like hands
they can be flat and if I start to
manipulate them I can make this little hand
acquire a certain life
same as being fined
it will have some function if the most
fat I can already do two and in the center
fill in each of the debits after
that the package obviously to do it
like more jerky if it can not be very
sharp and very thin very flattened
applying it directly with the rest of
what I have here are these pieces
Y
that are left over I can apply that these
directly on the back the
back bones of my alebrijes only
it is enough to model them and assemble them